William and Holly had a daughter.
Oh, god.
You could discover your father has
another child and not tell me?
We want to use your sperm
to get julia pregnant.
I'll help you, tommy.
Fill out these forms.
And we'll never know
which one of them it is?
That's the plan.
Are these your kids?
That's jack. He's 8.
And sofia, she's 10.
- I'm looking for holly harper.
- Do I know you?
I'm her daughter rebecca.
You said that bill was just your friend
and just kinda left out the
part about him being my father?
"We're getting a serious gay
vibe from the daytime doctor."
We need to lay low.
If you're expecting tears
from me, you can forget it.
I don't expect anything.
I just wanted to meet you.
"every morning, there were these few
precious milliseconds before reality set in,
before dora remembered
where she was, who she was.
Then it would all come flooding back.
Each day seemed to bring
some new disturbing revelation,
some bomb that would make her
reconsider her entire existence.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
this last explosion had caused the most damage."
Hey, ma, it's me. I just, uh, wanted
to tell you to turn on channel 7.
They're doing a whole
tribute to Betty friedan.
Anyway, I guess I'll,
um, talk to you soon. Bye.
"Family dynamics were strained..."
okay, here you go.
That's it? Great. What,
that's it? You're leaving?
You barely stayed for three
signatures. How are you, kevin?
I'm fine. I'm just a little busy, saul.
"The fallout could be felt for miles."
don't try you on your way out?
Just trying to make conversation.
Well, don't.
You want to have some
eggs? They're mostly whites.
"This last remaining surprise
had threatened to destroy
a family she had never
been allowed to know
dora's family."
Well? What do you think ?
Yeah.
"Pedantic" comes to mind.
What a soap opera. I
was waiting for, like,
an evil twin to appear or for
someone to get amnesia or something.
So what, you thought
it was over- the- top?
I mean, this is coming
from a very real place.
Relax, Dora. Don't get defensive.
It's Nora, joel...
and your story about incest at the
white house was not exactly subtle.
- I mean, it didn't come from any
- nora.
Yes?
You seem to have a lot
to say, which is good.
But you don't have to say
it all at the same time.
You've packed a lot
of incidents in here,
which makes it all a bit, uh...
disconnected.
Well, it's terrible then,
isn't it? It's terrible.
No, it's not terrible,
but it's the emotions behind
the incidents that matter.
What are these people
feeling? What is... Dora...
really going through?
School sucks.
I am going to make myself
a huge chocolate sundae
and eat the whole thing,
and then if I don't feel better
after that, I will drop out, too,
right after I stick my
finger down my throat.
Why are you using sarah's
knapsack from high school?
I needed a book bag.
Oh, look. It still has a Bob Marley badge on it.
and I don't know it's such a good
idea after your little "incident"
to be walking around with
a pot leaf on your bag, mom.
She called again, by the way.
Don't worry. I'll call her back.
Good, because everyone's gonna
have to start talking at some point.
- About what?
- About rebecca, mom.
I mean, she's real. She exists. And you know
what? She lives, like, 20 minutes from us.
What are you saying, that I should take a
bundt cake over there and introduce myself?
I met her. I talked to her.
You talked to her? About what?
Well, things, I don't know. You know,
we...we...we hung out a few times.
A few t...you hung out a few
times? I can't believe this.
You can't get mad at me. You were the
one that said we should do what
whatever we felt we needed
to do in this situation.
So- so what you needed to do
was go hang out with her
a few times without
tell...behind my back?
- I knew you'd react like this.
- How do you expect me to react?
My husband kept a daughter from
me, and now you hang out with her?
Did you honestly think I
wouldn't meet her? She's my sister!
Damn it, you already have sisters.
She's not going away, mom.
I mean, she's here whether
we like it or not, okay?
Oh wow. More movies.
I swear, since you decided
we can't be seen in public,
you've driven up the
company's stock at least 20%.
- Did you order "Dirty Harry"?
- Yeah, I never saw it.
Wow, you really are
bisexual, aren't you?
I guess we'll save "singin'
in the rain" for palm springs.
Um, Kevin, about this weekend...
- wha
no, no, no, no!
Come on, I've already made reservations
at the parker, and you already said yes.
It's not that. Something came up.
I have to go to this
premiere on saturday.
it's a big director, and he's interested in me
for a movie. It's really important that I be there.
And I suppose you're
taking your mom, right?
- No.
I'm taking a
friend...an actress.
An actress. Great. Whose idea was that?
- My manager's.
- Your manager.
You do everything your manager says?
Well, I'm here right
now, so I guess not.
You know... you know, uh,
I'm sorry, Chad, but I have
officially O. D. 'D on secrets.
My family's imploding because of
secrets that wouldn't go away.
So I tell you what, you know your
little friend, this little actress?
Take her to the premiere,
but that's it, I'm sorry.
That's- - that's my line
in the sand. We're done.
Kevin?
What?
- You're right.
- About what?
I can't live my
life like this anymore either.
We'll go together.
- Are you kidding?
- No.
I'm about to go undercover on the show.
I am sick of doing it in my real life.
Are... are you sure?
It's not like we're gonna hold hands or
anything. Let 'em think what they want.
Saturday night, we're on.
- let's not watch "dirty harry".
- No, let's not.
Holly, I apologize for just
showing up here so late.
This has been a very difficult time.
Your daughter...
- becca. -
Rebecca- -
the whole situation has caused
a lot of tension in my family.
I mean, we have fought before,
but never anything like this.
Kevin is not talking to saul.
I'm barely speaking to sarah
well, if it's any consolation to
you, becca's barely speaking to me.
Well, then you agree that
something needs to be done.
What do you suggest?
I want you and rebecca to come over
to my house to dinner on friday.
that is the worst
idea that I have ever heard.
I...I mean, the thought of rebecca
sitting at your table surrounded by the walkers?
Well, she and justin are
already hanging out together.
Well, then let'em
have dinner together.
I mean, and forgive me, but I don't trust
sarah to be within 2 feet of rebecca,
and - and I don't think
it's being overly protective
to say that spending a
night with your family
is not in the best interest
for me or my daughter.
I was hoping that you
would ask her. Will you?
Brothers & Sisters
117 All In The Family
This is the worst frost we've had since
'98. We've lost 80% of our citrus crop.
I know the utility deferment
plan protects the farmers.
What about the people who pick the fruit? They're
cold. They're tired. They haven't been paid.
Hi. So, um,
we're being inundated
with calls demanding
to know whether you're changing
your tune on immigration.
Changing my...I am merely pointing out that
we're gonna continue to incure huge costs,
medical and otherwise,
if we don't fix this.
Oh, an economic
initiative. That's a relief.
And here I was so worried that
you were being socially minded.
Just spin it. It's what I hired you for.
No, you hired me
because of my cute bu...
I thought it was a mouse. I'm like-
there's a very small person down there.
Yes, I know. Jack, you've been found.
Kitty, my son jack.
- Jack. Well, hello.
- Nice to meet you.
- It's spring break.
It's your turn to hide now.
Oh. Okay.
One one thousand, two one
thousand, three one thousand
oh...oh, you mean...you mean you
want me to hide now? You know what?
No, no, no. The...the, um, the
deadline on my press release...
oh, just multitask.
Dad, the soda machine
in the kitchen's jammed.
Hi. Hi.
Um, you must be sofia.
- I'M... kitty.
- Kitty.
- Like a cat?
- sofia.
Come on, you're supposed to be hiding.
- You work for my dad, right?
- Yeah.
Can you fix the soda machine?
Sofe, Kitty's my communications
director and my friend.
Friend, yeah. Um... hmm.
And I, uh, I better,
um, get back to work.
Hide and go work.
- Hide and go work.
- Let's go we finish this in your office.
Sure,
A small child under your
desk, very J. F. K. Of you.
I was gonna warn you, but
I've been a little busy.
No, you know, no,
no. It- - it's fine,
I- - except I did reference my
butt front of your 8 year old.
Oh, jack loves a good butt reference,
and boogers. That's a big one.
So do you want to have dinner
with us tomorrow night?
Did you just go
from "boogers" to "dinner"?
There's a great steak house
in montecito. Kids love it.
They have amazing
sides...snap peas
and who exactly do you want
me to be at this dinner?
Do you want me to be your employee/friend who you
happen to take for steak 80 miles north of L. A.?
Just be yourself.
I mean, they'll be asleep before
the whole room thing is an issue.
Oh, they're gonna figure it
out way before "the room thing".
I mean, kids aren't stupid.
Look, I'm new at this.
I just thought it would be a good idea
for us all to have dinner together,
and I was gonna say something
to sofia beforehand.
You were? I mean, because it's
not because I've...I've...
I don't want you to do that now.
You mean you don't want me to?
Well, no, no, I do, but,
um, just only if you want to.
Wow, you are so much articulating
when you're talking about politics.
You're gonna love the steak.
I don't want to do it.
There are risks involved with amnio.
Yeah, but the doctor said we
should at least talk about it.
Look, we're having twins.
You're a higher risk pregnancy.
Everything's fine.
I mean, I gained, like, 8
pounds in the last three weeks.
Something's thriving
besides my appetite.
Your cleavage?
Cute.
I'm just saying, we have an opportunity to
get some really valuable genetic information.
Genetic information?
This is about paternity, isn't it?
This whole rebecca thing,
it's just making me think.
That's a completely different situation.
She never had a father growing up.
Our kids have you.
I know, but maybe they should have a
clear sense of where they came from.
Look, my brothers did
this amazing thing for us.
I just... I want to talk to them,
see if they want to weigh in.
They aren't gonna be weighing in
when it comes to potty training.
I just really hope it starts to hit
you soon that we're the parents here,
just you and me.
- Hello?
- is this Kevin Walker?
Yes, it is.
Mr. Walker, please hold for
donald dudley, chad barry's manager.
Sure.
Donald ? I'm Kevin Walker
- Kevin. Have a seat.
- Thank you.
So why do I feel like
my life is in danger?
- Relax. You want something to eat?
- No. Good,
this place serves dog food.
Listen, I'm sorry to bring you here, but I
need to be a little clandestine about this.
If he found out I was talking
to you, he'd probably fire me.
With all due respect, maybe he should.
you're very direct. You're a lawyer.
I used to be a lawyer. It's a god awful job.
Donald, listen, I don't know
what you want to talk about.
To be honest, I'm not sure
why I agreed to come here.
Even the coffee here stinks.
Okay, Kevin,
here's the thing- -
when I met chad barry, he
was working construction.
He was taking the bus 30 miles a day.
My wife took pity on him.
She found him a used car.
- I care what happens to him.
- Oh, and I don't?
I just want to make sure
your intentions are honorable.
I'm not marrying him,
donald. I'm going to a movie.
You see, that's when you are wrong.
What he's about to do for you,
there's no turning back from that.
Okay, he's not doing anything for
me, right? He's doing it for himself.
Please. Semantics. We wouldn't be
sitting here if it wasn't for you.
You're the first guy
that's ever gotten this far.
Did you bring me here to tell me that?
Listen, people find out about chad,
I got a big office, I'm gonna be fine.
And believe me,I won't miss waking up
every morning wondering how many rumors
I'm gonna have to bury that day.
And I'm telling you, he comes
out of the closet for you,
it's like being with a virgin.
He's yours for life, kid.
He's not coming out
of the closet for me.
Keep telling yourself that.
But if you walk down
that red carpet with him,
you might as well be
walking down the aisle.
I,uh- - I gotta take this one.
Why'd they close that deal without telling
me? No, that's not the way I do business.
Uh, do you have a second ?
- I wanted to run something by you.
Yup.
It's about tomorrow night you
probably already have plans.
- Probably.
- Then forget it. It's not important.
I'm meeting maureen
and caris at spaceland.
Do you want to stop being so cryptic
and just tell me what's going on?
Nora Walker she came by.
She did? That's kinda sketchy of her.
What, are you guys, like, friends?
No, we're...we're not
friends. It's just that...
she invited us to dinner
at her house with the family.
You're kidding.
No, I know. It's ridiculous.
I'll just tell her to forget it.
No, they're curious to meet me.
What's so ridiculous about it?
You don't want to go ? Do you ?
I - I just think that it would be uncomfortable.
Well, you work with tommy
walker. Is that uncomfortable?
Well, that's different,
becca. It's business.
So you don't have to go, but I'm
kind of psyched to see the house.
Justin says it's totally palatial.
Mom, you look shocked.
No, it's just not the
reaction that I expected.
Why not? They're the ones who made us millionaires.
How often do I get to meet my benefactors?
If ty want me to go over there they
can all pet me, it's the least I can do.
Okay then, we'll go.
You know what? I think I'd
actually prefer to go alone.
Becca.
What, you want to come along
so you can protect me,
like you've protected
me for the past 20 years?
I think I got it from here.
Somebody slept in.
It's 8:00 in the morning.
Mom, what are you doing?
I'm marinating... the meat, not me.
Please tell me you're free tonight.
I'm not.
Oh, really?
Oh, mom, please don't sound
shocked that I actually have plans.
I'm- - I'm having dinner
with robert and his kids.
Ooh. That's a very big step.
No. No,
They- - they just happen to be
in town. It's... it's nothing.
Oh, well, good. Can you
do it another night?
I thought you just said
that it was a very big step.
It is a big step, but I think we
have another big step to deal with.
I'm having a dinner tonight,
and I would really like it
if you would all be there.
Mom, you know, I have been so good
about my family dinner attendance.
I just think that I'm
entitled to a personal day.
This is different.
I invited rebecca to dinner.
- No, you did not.
- Yes.
Mom- - mom,
are you insane?
I think it would be nice if we
just all got to know each other.
Why?
Because...be...
because she exists.
Because the unknown is always so
much more disturbing than the reality.
I think we have to
confront this, normalize it.
- Normalize it?
- Yes.
Oh, like the time that you
invited dad's mistress over,
and then you outed her in front of everybody?
No, no, no. That, that kind of normal?
Kitty, you know what? That's
not fair. That's just not fair.
Your father had just died. I was in shock.
All right, I was mean and vindictive.
But this time I'm trying very
hard to do the right thing.
Listen to me. J- just because she has
some shared D. N. A. with your kids- -
you don't know anything about
her. You don't know what she's like.
Seriously, mom, don't.
You- - you are just trying to
control an uncontrollable situation.
I'm not trying
to control anything.
You are hosting a "meet the
illegitimate daughter" dinner.
I'm sorry, but even if I
were free, I wouldn't come.
Fine. Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine.
I thought you would
have problems with it.
What is that supposed to mean?
Your relationship with your dad.
Okay, so, freud, do you think
you're really ready for this?
I mean, do you think you're really
gonna be able to handle this?
Because once she walks through the
front door, you can't take it back.
She's a Walker.
Kitty, she already is.
We need food network distribution,
utilities assistance...
All right, I'll call him right now.
I am so sorry, sofe. One more
call, and we are out of here.
It's okay. I feel bad
for those workers.
Me, too.
I'm sorry you and your brother
are stuck in here all day.
It's fine. I'm very self- sufficient.
That's what means. Allen
put on my report card.
Oh, and, uh, "industrious".
Apparently, I'm very industrious.
Sofe, I need to talk to you.
Am I in trouble?
No! No sweetie.
God, we've made you neurotic.
So, um...
I've invited someone, uh, to
T. M. G. 's with us tonight.
- But that's our dinner. Oh,
- I know, and it still is.
But do you remember kitty?
As in "meow"? Yeah, I know about her.
You do?
There was a picture of
you and her a magazine.
You were at restaurant, and she was wearing
this red dress that mom thought looked cheap.
Is she your girlfriend?
well, I guess you could call her that.
I... i would call her that.
Are you okay calling her that?
Not that you have to
actually call her
I- I wish your mother hadn't have shown you that photo.
Really? A paternity test?
Look, I don't know, dude. I mean,
we went into this thing thinking
that we weren't gonna know that, right?
I know, and the last thing I
need right now is a kid, tommy...
two kids. I can't even
handle a relationship.
Relax. I'm not asking anyone to
be more involved in their lives.
But if it comes out
they're courtesy of me,
I know I'm gonna feel this
extra pressure you know,
to deliver on birthdays,
holidays, go to all the games.
Tommy's got the games covered. Why
don't you stick to, like, bake sales?
Can we have a serious discussion
about this before rebecca gets here
and the whole nightmare begins?
Yeah, that's whose D. N.
A. We should be testing.
What?
Well, what, we're going on
holly's word? How reliable is that?
Holly wouldn't make this up.
She didn't even want
rebecca to find out.
Yeah, that's what she told us.
She may have lied for the money.
Come on,don't you want to know beyond a reasonable doubt
before we bring her in here like she's one of the family?
Did you bring your
D. N. A. kit with you?
You're gonna swab her over salad?
I could get a stray hair.
No, that's not gonna work. You
have to get it from the root.
- What are you, columbo?
- I watch all the crime shows.
I'll take her water glass into a lab.
No, no. That's not gonna work
either. The glass will get corrupted.
Look, are you both
high? You want your D.N.A test right here.
She's hot. I feel nothing.
Oh, god.
- hey.
Hi, I'm Kevin.
- Come on in.
- Hi. Cool.
It's a nice house.
Thanks.
Mom?
This is Rebecca, mom.
Yes... of course. Hello. Welcome.
Thank you. It's nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too, Rebecca.
I can't believe you spent
all that time in chicago.
I mean, it's freezing there, isn't it?
Mm, yeah, it's really cold,
but the summers are gorgeous.
Oh. And where were you, the,
uh, university of chicago?
Northwestern. I was a drama major.
Oh, an actress like your mother?
Uh, barely. I- - that's one of
the reasons why I dropped out.
I just don't see a
future in that stuff.
What were the other reasons you left?
- It's not a job interview, sarah.
- I'm just I'm interested.
It's cool. Um...
I had a pretty devastating breakup.
I sort of spiraled, and then I- - I
just started painting all the time.
Oh, you paint? Are you any good?
'Cause we're all pretty bad
when it comes to the arts.
That's not true. Sarah used to draw.
Yeah, when I was 10. I-
I write a little bit.
- I read about you.
- Me?
Someone sent me a link
to "the skinny minnie".
are you really dating chad barry?
Uh... no. Yes. Yeah,
I- - uh, I- I know him.
Yeah, like romeo knows juliet.
Or like siegfried knows roy.
This whole family loves to kid.
so, uh, where's
the other sister? Kitty?
She didn't want to meet me.
Oh, no, no, no, not at all.
She- - she- - she had a date.
It's with senator mccallister.
Oh, yeah, I read about that, too.
Apparently all my children
have made the goss columns.
I'm not so sure I
should be proud about that.
How about seconds? Anyone?
I do. I'm eating for three.
- Do you have any more iced tea?
- Yeah, I'll get it.
I'll get it. Um...
I'll get the drinks.
Okay, I'll help.
They are both very polite.
- Give me the glass. - You
need a time- out, kevin.
Humor me. I'm a lawyer.
I like to know the facts.
Fine, walking away.
So justin tells me
you- - you went to marshall.
Uh, yeah, except for one year um,
when my mom moved us up to ojai.
- You're kidding.
- No. Why? Thanks.
We have a ranch in ojai.
It's so boring there, isn't it?
I'm sure your mother
didn't find it boring.
It's our company name. It was
our father's favorite place
Right,yeah,
I'm- -
I guess that explains that. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to-
- no, no, it's fine.
Sarah is just being rude.
My apologies, but this meal has
reached a new level of weirdness.
Sarah, we all know what happened.
That's why we're here tonight.
I would like us all to
get to know each other.
Here's the
check from the table.
The snap peas are really good.
They were better last time.
So, sofe, when kitty was your
age, she was a spelling bee champion, too.
No, your- - your dad's bragging about
me. I was really just the runner up.
So what was your hardest word?
I don't remember.
Come on, sofe.
oh, I know one!
"M-I- s- s- I- s- s- I- p- I".
Hmm, very good. That
is very impressive, jack.
Thank you. No, it's not.
Everyone knows how to spell that.
I don't think many 8 year
olds know how to spell it.
- Jack, good job.
- Thanks, daddy.
So, uh, sofia, do you
like the, uh, cheetahs?
The who?
I think it's the cheetah girls.
Oh, that's right. Oops.
Yeah, it's the cheetah girls. I
- I knew that.
What, did you, like,
google 10 year olds?
Sofie, that's a warning.
So how's everyone doing over here?
Good. I think we, uh,
could use some dessert.
- I want the turtle sundae.
- Okay.
And, - sofia, do
you- I'm not hungry.
Oh, well, you know what they say.
Even if you're full, dessert
is a separate compartment.
No one says that.
Does your daughter. Like ice cream?
I'm not her daughter!
Sofia mccallister.
I'll get some napkins.
- No, no, no, it's okay.
- No, it's not.
You sit down right now
and apologize to kitty.
For what? She's not my mother!
And just because you're in a picture with
my dad does not mean you're anything to me.
- Sofia!
- No, it's okay. She's right.
No. No, it is not.
So you said for "three".
Are you having twins?
- Yes, we are.
- Boys or girls?
- one of each.
- Yeah.
So... uh, how long are you planning
to stay at your mother's house?
Oh, I don't know. I'm
just sort of, um...
like I said, I'm on the rebound
from this guy in chicago.
So I just wanna take it easy. You
know, chill out for a little bit?
You know, see where it all goes. Ow!
- Did you just pull my hair?
- Did I?
- You just pulled a hair out of my head.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, my god, why would you do that?
I'm sorry. You know
what? I saw a split end.
It's just something
I do with my sisters.
That's not why you did it. Tell her why.
Actually, you got me started
with all your talk of D. N. A.
- D. N. A.?
- Yeah.
Tommy, enough about whose D.
N. A. It is. You're the father.
She just found out who her
father was at 20 years old,
and look how well that turned out.
I just- - I don't want that to
happen to our kids, all right?
I think she turned out fine, tommy.
I'm sure she's great.
I'm just saying there's been
a lot of fallout, all right?
I mean, Kevin doesn't even believe her.
- You pulled a hair out of my head
to get my D. N. A.? - Look- - no,
let me explain
- I'm gonna kill you!
- Okay, I gotta go. I- I gotta go.
Rebecca, please wait.
You guys are whack. I mean, seriously,
you just pulled a hair out of my head?
Oh, my god, you are the most insane
group of people that I have ever met!
And don't bother with
the test. He's not my dad.
He might've been your dad, but he
was nothing to me. He's still nothing.
Rebecca...
I appreciate this dinner,
but I'm not a part of this
family. I never will be.
Rebecca, please...
You can be a part of this family
regardless how you got here.
He may not have been your
father in any way you knew,
and clearly he wasn't
any kind of husband either.
It wasn't your fault, Rebecca.
And it wasn't your mom's. It's his.
Well, they're down.
That meal was a success.
What, are you trying
to make a quick getaway?
- Uh, look, robert...
- don't go. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have snapped,
but sofia knows better.
She's never behaved like that.
Maybe she didn't have a choice.
I mean, you can't tell somebody how to
feel or... how to react, especially a kid.
She's very mature for her age.
She's 10.
And I couldn't stomach having dinner
with- - with that rebecca person,
and I'm a grown up.
Lucky for me, my parent
couldn't make me go.
You think this is my fault?
- 'cause I did everything I was supposed to do here.
- I know.
I talked to both kids. They had
plenty of time to process and prepare.
I took 'em to their favorite place.
Come on, let's just
look on the bright side.
At least we've broken in the "g" word.
This is not a treaty
that you're negotiating.
We're talking about your kids.
And I just think that it
might've been too much too soon.
I mean, going out for dinner the
first week that they come here
and shoving me with my stupid
hobbies down their throats?
No. I didn't shove you down their throat.
And by the way, if you didn't
wanna come, you didn't have to.
I didn't say that.
I'm just saying that I think
maybe they're not ready yet.
Them're you?
Would you please put those keys down?
Look, I... I know this isn't easy.
It's complicated. I'm complicated.
But I want my kids to have the same rules they've
always had. I wanna make things normal for them.
Oh, god, you and my mother. You
know what? You can't do that.
You can't make things normal.
They take time. And
look at you, look at you!
You go at warp speed.
I don't know, I mean, it's like you're
trying to rush through everything.
What am I trying to rush through?
Everything- - me, us. I mean, I don't
know, maybe that's the way you are.
I mean, look at your career. You go careening from
one achievement to the next and that's great,
but you just came on so strong.
And nobody likes me
that much that fast.
And I just can't help
wondering if... if
maybe you're just looking for a farely
to stand up with you at the podium.
Is that what you think?
I don't know. I don't...you know what?
Maybe I'm just freaking out. It's late.
No, no, I think you're
right. I think you should go.
Oh, my god,
It's okay, sarah, I've got it.
Oh, come on, mom, let me help.
Noreally, I think you
should just go on home.
I gotta hand it to you,
mom. That was quite a party.
How is it that you're able to do that?
I mean, even with dad and his whole
republican personal responsibility spiel,
you always managed to show us
how important it was to give.
The world's not fair.
You do what you can !
That's exactly what I mean.
I am often astounded at your compassion.
I just, I don't understand
why it doesn't extend to me.
That's not true.
Isn't it?
I mean, tonight, I'm
still in the doghouse,
and yet, unbelievably, you managed to
include someone who, by all rights,
you could've gone your whole life without
talking to. Don't you think that's a little unfair?
Mom, I didn't come here
tonight because of rebecca.
I came here because I want
things to be better with us.
I need you to care about me the same
way that you care about the world.
Well, of course I love you.
Then stop punishing me.
I'm sorry.
I'm so...I'm sorry.
I'm just so mad.
Your father's dead, and I need
someone to be furious with.
It's so hard to tell somebody who
isn't around anymore to go to hell.
Oh, mom.
What?
I didn't say anything.
Well, if you're gonna look
at me like that, just ask.
I didn't look at anything.
It was fine, okay? Just fine...
and awful.
- I'm sorry.
- No, you're not, mom. You're relieved.
You're angry, I know.
So I'm just gonna be here.
And if and when you feel like
talking or venting or whatever.
there's really not much to talk about.
I started with the beet salad,
and then kevin pulled my hair.
He what?
You heard me.
Well, like in a playful,
brotherly kind of way?
No, more like a, uh...
forensic scientist kind of way.
- What?
- Yeah, don't ask.
They just- - they have their
own sibling thing going on.
You know, it's like they're yelling
and fighting and talking over each other.
It's completely dysfunctional, like
they're this- - this big crazy clique.
And I am... so clearly not a part of it.
But this is how you set it up.
- Don't say that.
- Oh, but it is.
I mean, you didn't just
deprive me of a father, mom.
You deprived me of an entire family.
Honey, you have a family.
You and me, we're family.
I could've had so much more.
I could've had brothers and
sisters all of these years.
I could've had this...this busy,
chaotic childhood that you
that you fantasize about as a kid,
but you didn't let me.
I'm sorry.
I did my best.
I worked with what I had.
You don't know how it was.
No, I
- I know how it was.
It was exactly the way
that you wanted it to be.
I get it now, you wanting to find out.
I didn't really understand the
impact of rebecca until tonight.
Tommy, if you need to find out, we can.
It's fine. I'm dropping it for good.
But me wanting to find out,
it wasn't just about rebecca.
I mean... you're carrying the babies.
My brothers supplied the seeds. I'm
just like this useless bystander.
I just, I thought if I could
find out more about them,
I'd- - I'd feel more
connected, less...
out of control.
Tommy, we're having
twins. There is no control.
worse, we're having a family.
I mean, you saw dinner tonight.
what have we done?
You pulled her hair out?
No, no, I pulled one
hair. I pulled one strand.
I know. I should be put away.
I scared myself tonight.
And I thought you asked me to be over
here to talk about tomorrow night.
Which, strangely enough, I
am totally not nervous about.
Look, not even shaking.
Actually, I
- I do wanna talk about it.
I've been thinking and,
um... maybe you're right.
You know, maybe... maybe tomorrow
night's not such a good idea.
You're kidding, right?
No. Chad,
I just- -
I just feel what you're about
to do is this major change.
And, you know, it affects us
in- - in ways- - it's not fair,
but, you know, it's forcing us to
go faster than we normally would.
I don't understand.
Okay, look,I just came from a
dinner that never would've happened
if my father just thought
about things first. And...
I don't want you to make a
flippant decision about this.
Flippant? I'm 34 years old.
Okay, so why now? Why all of a sudden
can you make this decision now?
Because we met at the
right time. Who knows?
No, I don't- - please
don't do this for me.
I'm not ready to settle
down, chad, not remotely.
Settledown? Who said anything
about settling down?
If we do this-
- if we do this,
I know I'll feel this pressure
to be this perfect boyfriend.
Otherwise you'll feel like
you've done it for nothing.
I can't even believe this.
I know- - I know I
give off mixed signals.
Mixed signals? It's like
multiple personalities.
I just don't wanna do something
that's gonna make things harder for us.
Believe me, this is making
things harder for us.
You know what? Fine, forget it.
Forget it. We'll go tomorrow.
It's fine. It's absolutely fine.
Well, don't do me any favors.
Look, I'm just- - I...
I got scared, that's all.
It's not about you. It's me.
That's the first honest
thing you've said all night.
hey, come on in. I'm almost done.
Uh, these are the quarterly tax things. They
just need your signature and then we're done.
Okay. How's your mother?
I don't know.
She- - she works in
mysterious ways, saul.
She does.
I hear it was a memorable night.
Yes, it was.
You know what? You should call her. I'm
sure she could use a big brother right now.
Yeah, I call her every day, kevin.
I'm talking about you.
Did you really pull her hair?
Yes, I did, okay? Yeah.
I readily admit it
was not my finest hour.
Actually, it's not been my finest week.
What about us? How are we doing?
What do you mean?
Well, as I recall, the last time
we spoke you were furious with me.
About? Oh, that?
That's water under the bridge. We have a 24-
hour- a- day news cycle around here, saul.
I thought you read the crawl.
By the way...
you did the right thing.
- Rebecca was never gonna stay hidden.
- No.
We were nuts. We were just trying
to keep it a secret like him.
You know, sins of the father?
And the mother. Holly? She
won't speak to me anymore.
Look at us- -
I'm in my 60's,
and we're like in high
school at a slumber party.
does high school
ever end, uncle saul?
No, Kevin. It's like taxes.
We're doomed to repeat it,
year after year oh,
great.
Well, on that note. Please sign here.
Or I'll be late for algebra.
thank you very much.
morning.
Good morning.
Your kids get back okay?
Yeah, they're already back at school.
Good. I mean, not good that
they're not here anymore
Obviously.
Is there anything else?
Uh, no, we're
- we're all set for the press conference
on the federal funding that we secured.
Yeah, I got the email.
Sorry, if there's anything else? I just have
a lot of reading I've gotta catch up on.
Okay, look, I know that I spewed a
lot of stu at you the other night.
And I don't know, call it
relationship growing pains,
but if you would like to
spew back at me now- -
you accused me of being shallow
and using you to get ahead.
Well, I wasn't
necessarily accusing you.
I was just raising concerns.
Kitty, the thing is, you were
right. I did move fast. I am fast.
Wouldn't be here if I wasn'T.
I get more done by 8:00 A. M. Then most
people do by 8:00 P. M. And I'm proud of it.
No, I
- I know that.
And I've been married. And I have kids.
I don't have time for games.
And maybe you do I me,
god knows, if I'd have looked at
your relationship track record,
I would've run for the
hills, but I didn't,
because I thought
there was a connection.
It felt right.
And I thought you were
right there with me.
I was. I am.
It doesn't feel like it.
Robert, people fight.
And maybe it was just time for us to.
I mean, yes, you're right,
we have different speeds.
We have different temperatures,
but I had to tell you
what I was feeling
and where I was at.
All right.
Well, now I gotta
figure out where I'm at.
okay.
Well, if that's it?
Yeah, that's it.
"what she finally had to
admit was that she was angry.
No, furious.
Anything would
set Dora off
a cordless phone that
wasn't fully charged,
the cupboard door that
refused to stay closed"
I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
this is really stupid.
I never had a chance
to read it through.
No, no, no, no, keep going.
"she was even angry at her
kids just for being like her
stubborn, inhuman and always
refusing to let things go."
it's grandma.
"she was especially angry
how they got their own way
"risking happiness by shutting
out the ones they loved the most."
So nice picture of you
online. You give good photo.
Surprise, surprise although, your friend
layla looks a little buzzed for my taste.
Hope you didn't ply her
with mojitos all night.
Anyway, enough of my cattiness. Call me?
"of course, dora was furious
at someone far more difficult to face.
Someone they had trusted,
someone who had loved them
and let'em and finally
betrayed them all.
when a husband dies,
you're supposed to be
able to mourn your loss.
You're supposed to
grieve, but she could not.
He had robbed her of that option.
So instead,
dora did the only thing left to do.
She said goodbye."
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org